Entry Edit: General - Next.js (GH Actions Test) (#407)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/what-is-next-js/what-is-next-js.md

---
Title: 'Next.js'

> Description: 'Open-source development framework that brings the best of React's client-side abilities to the server-side along with built-in features like TypeScript support and route pre-fetching.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Next.js is an open-source development framework that brings the best of React's client-side abilities to the server-side along with built-in features like TypeScript support and route pre-fetching.'
```
